[WIP] Introduce v1beta3 api (#2850)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-scheduling/785-scheduler-component-config-api/README.md

The kube-scheduler configuration API `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io` was in alpha
for several releases. We graduated it to beta in 1.19 as `v1beta1`. In 1.22,

> we introduced `v1beta2`. In 1.23, we plan to introduce `v1beta3`

Reviewer: Per https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-present-tense, 

```suggestion
We introduce `v1beta2` and `v1beta3` in 1.22 and 1.23 accordingly.
```

- Introduce `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1beta1` as a copy of
`kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1alpha2` with minimal cleanup changes.

> - Iterate the API in `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1beta3`, based on learnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Iterate the API in `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1beta2` and  `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1beta3`, based on learnings.
```

    - `RequestedToCapacityRatio` (in favor of `NodeResourcesFit` plugin with a `RequestedToCapacityRatio` scoring strategy)
  - Cleanup of validation hacks.

> The third iteration, `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1beta3`, includes the following changes:

Author: @ahg-g - You can update this once your KEP for simplified plugins merges.

Reviewer 2: ack

>   - Change the weights of the following user configurable plugins.

Reviewer 3: Change the weight of plugins that can be influenced by end users through the Pod specs.

Author: Done.

    - `InterPodAffinity` to 2
    - `NodeAffinity` to 2
    - `TaintToleration` to 3 as the usage of node tainting to group nodes in the cluster is increasing for many user workloads

> The main reason for increasing the weights of the above plugins is conflict with other plugins like image locality, utilization.

Reviewer 3: The main reason is that some plugins are "default" behavior, whereas these plugins are about user preferences, so should have more relevance.

Author: Done

> More information can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/88174)     

Reviewer 3: I would avoid linking issues and put all the necessary justification here. I think what you have is more or less enough, though.

Author: I'd still prefer having links to issues so that cross referencing can be easier.

    - `RequestedToCapacityRatio` (in favor of `NodeResourcesFit` plugin with a `RequestedToCapacityRatio` scoring strategy)
  - Cleanup of validation hacks.

The third iteration, `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1beta3`, includes the following changes:
  - Change the weight of plugins that can be influenced by end users through the Pod specs.
    - `InterPodAffinity` to 2
    - `NodeAffinity` to 2

>     - `TaintToleration` to 3 as the usage of node tainting to group nodes in the cluster is a increasingly becoming a use-case 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `TaintToleration` to 3 as leveraging node tainting to group nodes in the cluster is becoming a widely-adopted practice 
```

>        for many user workloads

Reviewer 2: why 2 for pod/node affinity and 3 for the taint? did we run some experiments to find a good weight?

Author: Two reasons:

- We used to have `1000` nodePreferAvoidPods in earlier versions of API and we've deprecated it in favor of using taints/tolerations
- Taints/tolerations is becoming a strong use-case for grouping nodes in the clusters as mentioned. However, the value of 3 is not fixed, we'll write tests to ensure that the values are in fact helping in scheduling pods onto appropriate nodes and make changes accordingly.

The main reason is that some plugins have "default" behavior without needing user inputs, whereas the above plugins are
about user preferences, so should have more influence while making scheduling decisions.

> More information on the discussion can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/88174)     

Reviewer: Add a period in the end, and an empty line below.

### Upgrade/Downgrade Strategy

> Users are able to use the `v1beta1`, `v1beta2`, `v1beta3` APIs. Since they only affect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users are able to use the `v1beta1`, `v1beta2` or `v1beta3` API. Since they only affect
```
